[DM-4048] release notes for the case when lwm2m agent can't process a faulty device requests containing null entries in the Content Format (#2495)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-10-18-540-218-LWM2M-skip-faulty-devices-null-entries-in-the-content-format.md

---
date: 

> title: Skip null entries in Supported Content Format reported by LWM2M devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M agent skips null entries in supported content format reported by LWM2M devices
```
